feat: add a new package: rn-changelog-generator (#841)
microsoft/rnx-kit: packages/rn-changelog-generator/README.md

# React Native core changelog generator

[![Build](https://github.com/microsoft/rnx-kit/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/microsoft/rnx-kit/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rnx-kit/rn-changelog-generator)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rnx-kit/rn-changelog-generator)

> This script used to live in the
> [RNC/releases repo](https://github.com/react-native-community/releases/blob/master/scripts/changelog-generator.ts)
> but since we are deprecating it, we wanted to keep the script alive somewhere
> where a good infra was present, so here we are!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script used to live in
[react-native-community/releases](https://github.com/react-native-community/releases/blob/master/scripts/changelog-generator.ts), and has moved here as part of deprecating that repo.
```

  metadata from the github API, rather than rely on a local clone of the
  react-native repo.

- Due to how react-native’s
  [release process](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/wiki/Release-Process)
  works, we want to be able to exclude previously cherry-picked commits from the
  changelog entry of a next version.

  However, with `git`, cherry-picked commits will have different commit hashes
  than their original counterparts–as they exist in the `main` branch. Because
  of this, the next version’s stable branch will include the same changes,
  except using their _original_ commit hash. This makes it impossible to exclude
  these commits without further work.

  For this reason, the script will parse the ‘referential revision’–which is
  added to each commit message by Facebook’s infrastructure–and use it to
  resolve to the original commit in the `main` branch. This resolved commit’s
  hash is then used in the changelog entry, so the script can find and exclude
  it from the next version’s entry.

  This cannot be done via the github API and thus relies on a local clone of the
  react-native repo.

> You can read more of the old documentation about it

Author: The important parts are already copy/pasted into the README itself :) The old file won't disappear either since the repo will just get archived once we merge this PR basically.

[here](https://github.com/react-native-community/releases/blob/master/docs/generate-changelog.md).

## Setup

If you don’t already have a checkout of the react-native repo in a nearby
folder:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/facebook/react-native.git
```

…otherwise ensure it’s up-to-date:

```bash
pushd react-native
git checkout main
git pull
popd
```

Then create a GitHub ‘personal access token’ that can be used by the script to
fetch commit metadata from the GitHub API.

1. Visit the [token settings page](https://github.com/settings/tokens).
1. Generate a new token and **only** give it the `public_repo` scope.
1. Store this token somewhere secure for future usage.

## Usage

> Simply run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a changelog for `react-native` commits between versions 0.65.0 and 0.66.0:
```

```sh
npx rn-changelog-generator --base v0.65.0 --compare v0.66.0 --repo ../../../react-native --changelog ../../../react-native/CHANGELOG.md --token [GH_TOKEN] > NEW_CHANGES.md
```

> As explained above, you will need to have a local clone of the react-native core
> repo to refer in the command to make it work (along with the GH token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As explained above, you will need to have a local clone of `react-native`, which is referenced by the `--repo` parameter. You'll also need to provide a GitHub personal access token for the `--token` parameter.
```

> <!-- We recommend that the first beachball change report for a new package is of type "none" -->
> 

Reviewer 2: Remove?
```suggestion
```
